# Go LMS API

This project provides a simple API for managing books in a library system. It includes endpoints for creating, deleting, retrieving, and searching books.

## Endpoints

### Create a Book

- Endpoint: `/books/create`
- Method: `POST`
- Description: Adds a new book to the system.
- Request Body: JSON object representing the book details (ID is autogenerated).

### Delete a Book

- Endpoint: `/books/delete?id={book_id}`
- Method: `DELETE`
- Description: Deletes a book from the system based on `book_id`.
- Query Parameters: `id` (integer, required) - ID of the book to delete.

### Get All Books

- Endpoint: `/books/all`
- Method: `GET`
- Description: Retrieves all books currently in the system.

### Search Books

- Endpoint: `/books/search?year={year}&author={author}&genre={genre}`
- Method: `GET`
- Description: Retrieves books based on optional query parameters.
- Query Parameters:
  - `year` (integer): Filters books published in a specific year.
  - `author` (string): Filters books by author name (case insensitive).
  - `genre` (string): Filters books by genre (case insensitive).

## Data Structure

The `Book` struct used in the API:

```go
type Book struct {
    ID       int    `json:"id"`
    Title    string `json:"title"`
    Author   string `json:"author"`
    Year     int    `json:"year"`
    Genre    string `json:"genre"`
    Edition  string `json:"edition"`
    UniqueID string `json:"unique_id"`
}

```

# Members API

This API provides endpoints to manage members in a system. It allows creating, retrieving by ID, and deleting members.

## Endpoints

### Create a Member

- Endpoint: `/members/create`
- Method: `POST`
- Description: Adds a new member to the system.
- Request Body: JSON object representing the member details (ID is autogenerated).

### Get Member by ID

- Endpoint: `/members/get?id={member_id}`
- Method: `GET`
- Description: Retrieves a member from the system based on `member_id`.
- Query Parameters: `id` (string, required) - ID of the member to retrieve.

### Delete Member by ID

- Endpoint: `/members/delete?id={member_id}`
- Method: `DELETE`
- Description: Deletes a member from the system based on `member_id`.
- Query Parameters: `id` (string, required) - ID of the member to delete.

## Data Structure

The `Member` struct used in the API:

```go
type Member struct {
    ID          string `json:"id"`
    Name        string `json:"name"`
    PhoneNumber string `json:"phone_number"`
}
```


# Borrowers API

This API manages borrowers in a library system. It includes endpoints for creating new borrowers and retrieving borrowers by ID.

## Endpoints

### Create a Borrower

- Endpoint: `/borrowers/create`
- Method: `POST`
- Description: Adds a new borrower to the system.
- Request Body: JSON object representing the borrower details (ID is autogenerated).

### Get Borrower by ID

- Endpoint: `/borrowers/get?id={borrower_id}`
- Method: `GET`
- Description: Retrieves a borrower from the system based on `borrower_id`.
- Query Parameters: `id` (integer, required) - ID of the borrower to retrieve.

## Data Structure

The `Borrower` struct used in the API:

```go
type Borrower struct {
    ID       int    `json:"id"`
    MemberID string `json:"member_id"`
    Books    []int  `json:"books"`
}






